>>LISA GARR: Hi, I'm Lisa Garr,
host of "Gaiam Inspirations."
If you would like
a reason to smile,
then you really will
enjoy my guest today.
Preston Smiles is my guest.
And he says, "Love
will find a way.
Everything else will
find an excuse."
It's perfectly said.
He's the co-founder
of the Love Mob, which
is a social movement
dedicated to spreading love
all over world through
organized acts of love.
So if you see a giant flash
mob chanting about love,
then you're most likely
going to find Preston there.
And he's going to
be smiling along
with hundreds and hundreds of
other people and love mobbers.
Welcome.
Welcome to the show.
>>PRESTON SMILES: Thank you.
Thank you.
I'm blessed and
honored to be here.
>>LISA: I'm excited
to have you here.
>>SMILES: Thank you for
bringing your smile as well,
because it's gigantic.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Yep.
It comes through.
So the Love Mob-- my
god, what a great idea.
How did you start that,
that flow of the Love Mob?
>>SMILES: Yeah.
That's a loaded question,
because everything's--
everything is everything,
as we all know.
But I would say it came
through in a meditation.
>>LISA: It did?
>>SMILES: Uh-huh.
And I don't claim it as mine.
I know that we all
are chosen for things
to be birthed from us.
And it came at a time
when the Sandy Hook School
shooting happened.
And we realized that it was
time for people to stop talking
and to get out on
the streets again.
And I initially thought it would
just be like maybe 50 people.
And I looked up at one point,
and it was a couple minutes
before the first
one we were doing.
And it was like a sea of people.
>>LISA: You had a minute there.
>>SMILES: And I was
like, oh, they're ready.
And, like, it's here.
>>LISA: Uh-huh.
Oh, yeah.
So you have been through
quite an amazing journey,
which is inspiring.
And it also
impresses upon people
that everything is possible.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Tell us a little
bit about your childhood.
Where'd you grow up?
Here in LA?
>>SMILES: Yeah, I'm an
LA kid, which is awesome,
because there's not many of us.
For those of you who
don't live in LA,
the-- I guess the
Hollywood part of LA,
most people don't actually--
they're not actually from here.
>>LISA: Right.
Right.
>>SMILES: But I grew up in LA.
I grew up in
somewhat of a Dennis
the Menace sort of suburb
called Harbor City,
which is in the South
Bay of Los Angeles.
And I am just old
enough and just
young enough to be a part of
what people call Millennials,
which-- from my understanding,
there's only one living
generation and
it's happening now.
>>LISA: Right.
>>SMILES: But for all intents
and purposes, I'm a Millennial.
>>LISA: You're up to something.
>>SMILES: Exactly.
And during the
time I was growing
up was when there was a
shift in music and a shift
in how we report news.
And I went from listening
to this conscious music,
from X-Clan and Special
Ed, to NWA and Ice Cube
and all of these different,
like, very gangster rap.
And all the while, my
nine-year-old consciousness
couldn't really grasp
what I was supposed
to be, because everything in the
history books, everything that
was supposedly good,
including Santa
Claus and this fake picture
of Jesus that they made,
was all white.
And I didn't look like that.
>>LISA: Right, right, right.
Right.
So you started going
through, well, maybe I
should identify with this.
And maybe I should-- whatever's
presented in front of you--
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: --was what you were
identifying with and going
towards, because
that was-- whatever
felt like you were the
closest to it, right?
>>SMILES: Mm-hmm.
>>LISA: OK.
So then was it the
music that kind of
sucked you into that world?
Or was it--
>>SMILES: Everything.
>>LISA: OK.
>>SMILES: It was everything.
It was the news.
It was music.
It was everything that came
out during that period was--
it said that people who looked
like me were aggressive,
were mean, were beast, that
sold drugs and did things.
And take in mind, I was
living in a essentially upper
middle class neighborhood
that, by the time I was 15,
we turned into a war zone.
And there was no reason for it.
>>LISA: Wow.
You saw that transition happen.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Why?
Why did that happen?
Those are formative
years for you.
That's a huge time
of you needing
to make a lot of
decisions and becoming
an adolescent and a man.
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: So what was it that
changed the neighborhood?
What happened?
>>SMILES: You know,
I wouldn't give it--
I wouldn't say there was
one catalyst moment, per se.
>>LISA: Right.
>>SMILES: But I will say that,
in hindsight, right around 11,
something shifted in
all of us, where--
I don't know the
history about this,
but there's like
rites of passage that
happens for young boys
all over the world.
>>LISA: Oh, yeah.
>>SMILES: And that's not set
up for young men in America
in general.
So there was this point
where we were like, oh, we
got a lot of testosterone.
Is that how you say that?
>>LISA: Testosterone, yep.
>>SMILES: There we go.
>>LISA: Yep.
>>SMILES: And there
was a lot moving.
And we didn't know
what to do with it.
And once again, whether
it was all the movies,
all the television
shows, all the music,
it was saying that this was it.
>>LISA: That is a very
huge example, right there,
of how impactful
those movies can
be, the music can be to
young, influential minds.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: We think
it's not, but there's
such a huge responsibility
that the filmmakers have.
And they don't get it.
I remember hearing a report
about the Santa Barbara
shooting, and that
that particular boy was
the son of a filmmaker
of a very violent film.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: He was a
member of the AD crew.
And I just remembered,
god, there's so much impact
that movies have on us.
20, 30 years ago, it was
nowhere near that violent.
Now, you see 200, 300 people
killed per violent movie.
>>SMILES: Oh, yes.
>>LISA: 200, 300.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: And not to mention
the video games and what
that's done--
>>LISA: Oh, that's right.
>>SMILES: --which also was
a part of the whole thing,
including Duck Hunt
and Mike Tyson's
Punch Out and just
all these things.
I say this to some
of my clients when
they're speaking
about relationship.
And I say, you know, the
way it's set up for us
as of right now, you take
these-- for instance,
a five-year-old little boy.
And you tell him,
big boys don't cry.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: Man up.
>>LISA: Right.
>>SMILES: Get up.
Don't cry.
>>SMILES: Go back out there.
And you take that same little
girl, let's say his sister,
and you say, oh, mama,
what happened to you?
Is it OK?
Did he hurt you?
What happened?
And you teach her
emotional intelligence.
You teach her to
process her feelings.
And you take that
same five-year-old
and make him a 10-year-old.
Then you take that
same 10-year-old,
make him a 15-year-old.
By that time, he doesn't
even know where it is.
He only knows how to process
it in two ways, which
is sports and anger.
So then you take
that 15-year-old
and make him a 23-year-old.
And now, you try to match
him up with a woman who's
been taught to
process her feelings,
and you're going
to have an issue.
And that's the thing that
I've been working-- exactly.
That's what I've been
working through in myself
and supporting people and
coming back into alignment with.
>>LISA: Well, now,
you had an incident
that happened when you were 15?
>>SMILES: 15.
>>LISA: And that was just a
huge turning point for you.
>>SMILES: That changed the game.
>>LISA: This huge story--
can you share it with us?
And then I've got a
zillion questions for you.
>>SMILES: Yeah.
Absolutely.
Well, long story
short, by the time
I was 15 I was smoking weed and
drinking and doing, you know,
silly things that kids do
sometimes, based on society
and whatever was set up for me.
And I had this friend
Scott-- Scott and Rudy,
and there was a whole crew.
And we would hang out and we
would hop in this blue Astro
van, because they were a year
older than me and they had
their license.
And we'd go.
And we'd steal alcohol.
We'd go in the store,
take it, run out.
And then we'd sit somewhere and
drink it and just be stupid.
Well, on this
particular night, Scott
called me and asked me to
come out like he always did.
And this was the first time that
I had experienced intuition,
because something
told me not to go.
>>LISA: Do you know what?
>>SMILES: Nope, have no clue.
>>LISA: You weren't under
the weather or anything?
>>SMILES: No.
>>LISA: You just said no.
>>SMILES: I was able to go.
There was something
that said don't go.
And that higher self that I now
call god voice said, don't go.
And what I haven't
mentioned here
is my father, who
I haven't mentioned
in any of these stories.
My father, when I was
very young, sat me down,
and he said-- he
caught me smoking weed.
And he said, I know
you're going to be a boy.
And I'm not going to
stop you from doing that.
But I want you know
that you're a leader.
And if there's ever a point when
something doesn't feel right,
you go the other way, because
that's what leaders do.
So he set that up for me.
>>LISA: That was beautiful.
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: Yeah, that was
great, great advice.
>>SMILES: So here
we go, years later.
I'm 15, and there's this
thing where I'm like,
this doesn't feel right.
I'm not gonna go.
Ah, you're going to
be a [MAKES BEEP].
And I'm like, yeah, I am today.
I'm not going.
All right.
We'll catch you tomorrow.
Within an hour, every single
person in that car was shot.
And Scott was shot in the
head and died immediately.
>>LISA: How did
you find that out?
>>SMILES: I got a
call the next day.
>>LISA: Oh, my god.
>>SMILES: I was on my
way to a basketball game.
And this is
interesting, because it
was one of the first
times I had ever
allowed myself to feel what
it feels like to be hurt.
We were on our way
to a basketball game,
and this was when they
had car phones in the car.
>>LISA: Yeah, that
attached to the-- yeah.
>>SMILES: And my dad
picked up the phone
and he handed it to my mom.
And this is when they were
friendly with each other.
But they weren't back together.
And her voice changed.
And then she-- she said hello.
She talked to someone, and
then she handed me the phone.
And the person on the line-- I
don't even remember who it was.
They said, you know Scott?
Scott's gone.
And I remember
distinctly going, OK.
Thank you for telling me.
And then I gave the phone back.
And I just sat there.
And my mom said, you OK?
You want to talk about it?
You don't have to
go to the game.
I was like, no, I want to go.
I want to go.
Let's go.
So we get to the game.
We're doing what we
always do, but there's
something ruminating.
And the first play of the
game, the ball goes up.
It gets tapped to me.
I go to the basket
to shoot a layup.
I get fouled.
And in basketball, you line
up at the free throw line.
They give you the ball.
You shoot.
So the ref gives me the ball.
I take one dribble, two dribble.
The third dribble, I
fell on the ground.
I collapsed.
>>LISA: Oh, wow.
>>SMILES: And I
just started crying.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>SMILES: And my mom
ran out on the court.
And it was one of those
moments where I was like,
wait a minute.
What just happened?
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: This is
my best friend.
He was here last night.
I spoke to him last night.
>>LISA: And you didn't go.
>>SMILES: And I didn't go.
And there's so many
levels to that,
because I wondered
why I was saved.
I wondered why
wasn't I in the car?
I was there the night before.
>>LISA: Right.
But not only why were
you saved, but the impact
of the grieving of
all of those friends--
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: Was the first thought to
you how was-- why was I saved?
Or was the first thought
to you, oh my god, I just
lost my best friend.
Do you remember?
>>SMILES: I do not remember.
But I know that
those had been-- they
were ruminating,
even at his funeral.
And I didn't cry at his funeral.
I didn't-- I couldn't-- I didn't
know how to access it again.
>>LISA: So this goes
very deep of don't cry.
>>SMILES: Yes.
Yes.
>>LISA: It goes really deep.
>>SMILES: Very much so.
>>LISA: This is one of
the things you teach now.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: How do you teach
to access that higher self?
Because undoubtedly, you've
been asking yourself ever
since then, why was I saved?
Why was I not in that car?
Did you try to find that voice?
Did try to find that god self?
Did you try to find that
intuition and tap back into it?
>>SMILES: No, not initially.
>>LISA: Right.
>>SMILES: But I
did-- it did empower
me to continue to listen
when it did come through.
And what I didn't mention is a
few weeks after that happened,
I asked my dad, could I leave?
I said, I need to go.
I need to be somewhere else.
I need to go to a
different school.
Something needs to
change, because that's
going to happen to me.
And he said, give
me a couple days.
And I ended up on a plane
to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I got off the plane.
There was a sign
with my name on it.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>SMILES: And that
was my new mom.
Her name was Shirley Russell.
And she's still one of
my mothers to this day.
And she took me in.
And she lives-- happened to
live in one of the best school
districts in the country.
>>LISA: Oh, wow.
>>SMILES: So I ended up
going to North Allegheny High
School, which at the time
was this expansive college
campus-looking high school
with 100% all Caucasian.
And it was amazing.
>>LISA: It was amazing.
>>SMILES: It was amazing.
>>LISA: You fit right in.
You just rolled with it, right?
>>SMILES: Yes.
I went with it.
I totally went with it.
There was so much
shock at first,
because I was just like
wait, I was just in a school
where they would set
the carpet on fire
and there was no lockers
because people would put things
in them that they
weren't supposed to.
And now here I am in
this state of the art,
beautiful masterpiece
of a school
where everybody's operating
at a certain level.
>>LISA: So what did you do?
>>SMILES: I went with it.
And this is one of the
most beautiful things
and it's changed my
life forever and it's
why I'm sitting on
this couch today,
because I realized and
recognized something
in that time.
And I didn't have the
words for it then,
but I knew it in
my internal being.
I knew it with all of my being.
And it was this.
I had this moment where I
was out with these kids.
And we were in-- I forget.
I think his name was Brad.
We were in his BMW, and we were
zooming around these corners.
And we were listening
to Outkast at the time.
And he was drinking a beer
and everybody was smoking.
And I had stopped at this
point, because I was like, OK,
something's got to change here.
And I had this realization that
the kids at my former school
in LA were smoking
weed, drinking,
listening to Outkast,
Biggie, and Tupac,
and then the kids at
North Allegheny High
were smoking weed, drinking,
listening to Outkast, Biggie,
and Tupac.
They were doing the
same things but getting
an entire different result based
on the expectation of them.
So one school set it up where
this is what you're doing,
but really, you're going
to Ivy League schools
and you're going to
change the world.
And the other school,
doing the same thing,
but all we're showing them
is that you're nothing
and you'll never be anything.
>>LISA: And so how did this
change your perspective,
your reality at that moment?
How did that change?
What decision did you
make at that time?
>>SMILES: The first thing I made
was that we're all the same.
We have these constructs of
being different and separate,
but in reality,
we're all the same.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: These dudes were
just like any other dudes
I'd hang out with.
They just happened to have
less pigment in their skin.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: But the bottom
line is we were all
subjected to the same
media, the same everything.
The difference was
was the set up.
It was the expectation of them.
>>LISA: It was their
environment around them.
So you could take
the same person
and put them in a
different environment,
and as we know from all
the scientific studies
out there now, you
could take a cell,
put it into a
different Petri dish
with a different
environment, and the cell
will grow to that--
it will become bone
or it will become whatever.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Yeah.
That is absolutely beautiful
that you figured that out
at that time.
So now, you talk about this.
You teach this.
But this came from an experience
that was so deep for you.
Did you wind up helping any
of those kids in that school?
Did you wind up
saying, hey, look,
you're throwing this away.
Did you help anyone?
>>SMILES: I did.
I went back.
>>LISA: You did.
>>SMILES: It was too cold
in Pittsburgh for me.
And I was like, all
right, tapping out.
I'm gonna go back to California.
>>LISA: I like that you--
>>SMILES: Yeah.
I ended up going not
back to that school.
I went to San Pedro High School.
And I gathered-- I ended up--
I attract people no matter
where I go, because it's
a part where I come from.
>>LISA: No, really?
You'd never know.
Yes.
Absolutely.
>>SMILES: I attracted
this awesome crew.
And, like, we--
>>LISA: Very cool.
>>SMILES: We still did silly
things, but it changed.
Everything changed from there.
I will say that one of my best
friends when I was growing up
is still, to this day, hooked
on heroin and running around.
And he's not in a good place.
And I reach out to
him all the time.
He's been in and out of jail.
And this is somebody,
like I said--
and I could get choked up
right now thinking about it--
literally, I've known him
since I was five years old.
We grew up in the
same neighborhood.
And there's no reason
and every reason
why he is where he is right now.
And I do understand
that we have choice.
>>LISA: No, but I get
what you're saying.
That statistic of 99%
of the kids in prison
have traumatic, deeply
traumatic, childhoods.
So you made a choice, and
he can make a choice, too.
But what gives you
the ingredients
to make the choices that
you did and not him?
What is it?
No, I'm asking.
What it is?
>>SMILES: I know what it is.
It's that conversation
my dad set up for me.
And he didn't have a
dad to say that to him.
My dad did the same thing.
The law of expectancy-- he
set a principal in place.
You are a leader.
And he had me make the choice.
He didn't say, you can't do
this and you can't do that.
He said, I know you're
going to be a boy,
but know that if something
doesn't feel right,
you can go that way
while everyone else is
going that way.
>>LISA: That's beautiful.
That's right.
And I saw you in an audience
say thank you to him
and that he was your hero.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: I saw that.
Let's take a look
at one of the videos
here with Preston Smiles
talking about the Love Mob.
Take a look.
>>SMILES: So I go by
Preston Smiles as a reminder
that, no matter what my
job title is, my real job
is to show up as love.
So this talk today is about
doing what we as a society
always figure out
one way or another--
that while it would
be awesome to take
our iPhones and our BMWs
and our houses to the grave
with us, that we
actually can't do that,
and that the only thing that
matters when it's said and done
is whether you've
loved and been loved.
So my hope is that I
leave you with some tools
to ignite and inspire you to
turn the volume up on your life
and love louder.
So a little bit about
where I come from
and the context in
which I'm speaking-- I
am the founder-- the
co-founder of the Love Mob.
Are there any Love
Mobbers in the building?
[CHEERS]
It is a social movement
dedicating to spreading love
all over the world through
organized acts of love.
We do that through
giant flash mobs
and different love-based events.
And our take on it
is that it takes--
let me show you a
couple pictures.
That's our symbol.
It takes a village
to raise a village.
And as the old African proverb
states, if you want to go fast,
go alone.
But if you want to
go far, go together.
So that is exactly what we do.
I know that on the surface,
I appear to be this
6'2" beautiful chocolate
drop of a man, right?
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
I realize it.
It's OK.
But in reality, I am love.
I am energy in a space.
I am vibration and frequency.
And I know the same for
each and every one of you.
>>LISA: So you
teach people, now,
what you've learned
from your experiences.
And you put it into
kind of a three step
or a formula or
something like that
just so that people
could grasp it.
You just taught at Esalen
this last weekend, right?
>>SMILES: I did.
>>LISA: What were you teaching?
>>SMILES: Well, I speak about
loving louder-- the idea.
And right now, I do this
hashtag #lovesvoice,
because I believe that we're
all love's voice, that we're
all representatives of love,
and that when we step into that
and we love louder, when we
turn the volume up on our lives
and on our love, it
reverberates everywhere.
And how you do that--
>>LISA: Yeah, that
was my next question.
>>SMILES: --is changing
our relationship
with risk, with celebration,
and with responsibility.
>>LISA: OK.
OK.
So risk-- there's risks that are
taken every single day-- when
you say yes to something,
when you say no to something.
That's full of risks.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: How do you not--
How are you not
afraid of change?
>>SMILES: Because I
absolutely understand
that it's inevitable.
>>LISA: It's necessary.
>>SMILES: No one can stop that.
>>LISA: So you just go into it?
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: You just go into change.
>>SMILES: Headfirst.
>>LISA: Find me.
>>SMILES: It's not always
a comfortable thing.
But all the magic happens out
there on the skinny branches.
That's where the good fruit is.
>>LISA: But you know when
you change one thing,
then everything else--
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: And so then
the ground disappears
and you don't know
where you're stepping--
have you ever had that feeling?
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Where
everything's moving,
when you're making big change?
And sometimes, when you
put the foot out there
to step on the path
that isn't even there
yet-- you know that feeling?
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: OK.
What do you do if the
path never appears
and you fall and you fail?
>>SMILES: Well, see, I
don't believe in failure,
so that's already
a place where I
would have to have a new
conversation about, because
to me, as long as there's
breath in the body,
it's absolutely
impossible to fail.
We're always, always a part
of the divine intelligence
that is operating all of us.
I believe we're co-creating
with the Creator.
>>LISA: Well, what
if you're things
like fired, laid off, death
in the family, those things--
they stop things
for a little while.
So how do you get
that resilience
to bounce off if there's
no such thing as failures?
Those things, most
people would register
as fail-- getting fired,
those types of things.
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>SMILES: And the
beautiful thing
about those type of things--
and I'll give you an example.
Some people come to
me about breakups.
>>LISA: OK.
>>SMILES: And they
say, he's the one.
I just had a-- I won't name
this particular person,
but this happens a lot.
So they'll say, he's the one.
I'm clear that that was the one.
And I don't understand.
And I'll ask a question.
I'll say, was he the first one?
So what about Jesse
three years ago?
What about Brad four
years before that?
What about Tommy four
Has the universe
ever failed you?
Or are you in a process?
Are you ever evolving?
Are you getting-- because it's
either half empty or half full
for most people.
But for me, it's
always half full.
It's always full.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: You see
what I'm saying?
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: So it's a reframing
of what is happening.
>>LISA: You've had plenty
of experience with this.
You've had plenty of adversity.
You've had plenty of
things happen in your life.
>>SMILES: Oh, yes, I have.
>>LISA: You have every reason
to say that exact thing.
There's a great
video here I want
people to watch about--
well, I looked at it
as type A personalities.
But it's the
paralysis of analysis.
And it's one of the things
that overachievers do and get
paralyzed by our control.
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: I talk about it
in the first person here.
>>SMILES: I feel you.
That's why I made it.
I don't make any videos that
I'm not actually experiencing.
>>LISA: OK.
Good to know, because you didn't
look like you experienced it.
Take a look at this video of
the paralysis of analysis.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>SMILES: Woohoo!
So this is for all my analyzers.
I feel you.
I see you.
So there's a chicken
waiting to cross the road,
but she can't make a decision.
She's waiting to cross the
road, but she's not clear
if she should cross now
or when the light's green
or when the light's yellow
or when her makeup is better
or when she has a better
job or when things
are a little better, when she
makes a little more money.
You see, that chicken
died of starvation.
It's called paralysis of
analysis-- so many decisions
that you make no decision, so
many choices, so many options
that you make no decision.
In our culture right now, we're
so obsessed with the finished
product.
We're so obsessed
with slam dunking
and being the LeBron James
and all of those things.
But the problem
is-- the problem is
we don't see all
the noes that Oprah
got before she got the yes.
We don't see the nights in the
gym with Kobe Bryant shooting
those free throws.
We don't see Steve
Jobs being fired
from his own damn company.
You see, all of this
stuff, all of these things,
we're so obsessed
with the end result
that we miss the fact that
failure is a key component.
You want to win?
You gotta to start failing.
You gotta do.
You gotta jump.
You gotta get in the damn game.
You see, this life-- this
life is about experience.
Life honors the live-r.
Yes, I have a lot
of energy in my body
and I'm moving, but
guess what I'm doing?
Something.
You gotta do something.
You gotta step up in
your life and jump.
So many people are sitting
on the fence of life
watching and waiting and trying
to figure out if it's time.
Well, it's never gonna
be the right time.
The right time is now--
now, now, now, now, now--
every time.
Don't wait for the right
job with the perfect mate
or the right money.
I gotta pay my mortgage
off before I live.
I'm going to take that trip
two years from now when I
get the right job.
Live it now, because
you never know.
You never know when
that day comes.
We all have an
expiration date, y'all.
And I have seen
it too many times
where people die with
the dance still in them.
We don't want to die with
our dance still in us, y'all.
You want to die with it
all out on the field.
You want to know that you
left it all out on the field.
And how do we do that?
We stop thinking so much
and get in our damn bodies.
Live it.
Love it.
Do it.
Be it.
See it.
Gosh.
How awesome is
this life we have?
We just got to choose it.
We got to choose the love.
Today, I ask you one thing.
I ask you to fall in
love with failure.
Do one thing, right?
And here's the key.
Here's the key right here.
Wherever your comfort zone is--
if your comfort zone is a four,
I'm asking you, I'm
challenging you to go to a six.
Do anything that
is a six-- today.
Do it now.
Click Like, subscribe,
and leave me
a comment about how
you chose a six today.
This life is about love,
nothing more, nothing less.
I am Preston Smiles.
This is Questions with Preston.
I love you.
Blessings.
Sorry.
>>LISA: Where do you get
that kind of inspiration?
Where does that come from?
You just free float.
It's like you were
preaching on the beach.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
I did not write that.
>>LISA: No.
You came up-- that
just came through you.
Does this happen all day?
>>SMILES: It does.
It does, because
I'm looking for it.
You always get what
you're looking for.
>>LISA: But if-- OK, so
you said to me earlier
that it's all the same thing.
It's all love.
>>SMILES: Everything.
>>LISA: But how does this divine
inspiration come in and then
make it different from
this divine inspiration?
Your feel of your
videos are so great,
because you are just-- you
draw people in and stuff.
But where do you get the spark?
Where do you get that from
day after day after day
if what you're
really talking about
is all the same thing, Preston?
Do you understand?
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
I believe-- and I would
call you one of these
as well-- that back in
the day, the universe
would birth way showers.
Every couple 50 years,
every 100 years,
they would pop up a Mother
Teresa and a Gandhi and then
a Martin Luther King.
It would pop these people up--
the Nikolai Teslas and things
like that.
I think that the universe
is speeding that up.
I think that the planet
is calling for a lot of us
to jump up, to get up, and
get fired up about our lives
so that, then-- because we're
always a walking context.
I'm always teaching you how to
be with me based on who I am.
And what happens in these
videos and in these inspirations
is that I'll be with
something, knowing
that love is all there is,
and I'm like, OK, well,
if love is all there is,
if that's the truth--
>>LISA: What about this?
>>SMILES: Yes, because
there's a difference
between the facts and the truth.
The facts could be one thing,
but the truth of the matter is
is that I'm an ageless,
deathless, changeless being
made in the image
and likeness of god.
That's the truth of me.
The facts are that I
can't pay my rent or
blank, blank, blank, blank,
blank or she hurt me,
he hurt me or ah, I want
to jump but I'm afraid
because if I do then
what if this happens
and-- I call all that
the small S of the self.
And my come from is to
speak from the capital S,
from the big S, from the big P.
>>LISA: Take somebody who comes
to you and says that they want
to end their life--
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: I'm sure
this has happened.
>>SMILES: It has.
>>LISA: Yes.
How do you get them
to the capital S?
>>SMILES: I get under
what's really there,
because most of the
time, people are
talking about circumstances.
>>LISA: OK, got it.
>>SMILES: And
circumstantial happiness,
circumstantial anything--
it's transitory.
It's not here to stay.
>>LISA: Coming from
the outside in.
>>SMILES: Yeah, exactly.
So I hear them.
I actually let it land.
I'm like, OK, so
what's going on?
They say, well, you know, this
happened and this happened
and then they took my kid
or whatever that looks like.
And I say, wow.
That's beautiful.
You're a powerful being.
And I'll speak to
the higher self.
I'll speak to who they
really are, and say, listen.
I'm not here to talk
you out of anything.
I just want to hear you.
I want to be with you.
And then I'll get them
to start reframing,
get them to start reframing.
And there's a cost
for everything.
Everything we say, do,
be-- there's a cost for it.
And I get them to get to the
point where it's like, OK,
so what will this cost
me if I-- what will it
cost my mom, my
sister, my brother if I
make this decision?
And do I want to
leave them with that?
>>LISA: So that's
a conversation that
doesn't make people
keep coming back to you
and relying on you to
give them their happiness
or be their coach.
>>SMILES: I don't
want that ever.
It would be perfect if
neither one of us had a job.
Then the universe could just
provide it a different way.
I have lots of
talents and gifts,
and I know you do as well.
>>LISA: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>SMILES: It's necessary
for me to be this now.
And it's necessary for
you to bring this through.
>>LISA: I jumped on
that train too with you.
I did.
I know that this isn't my
beginning of whatever I'm
doing on this planet right now.
I heard the call.
It was there long before me and
it will be here long after me.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: I jumped on it.
And I know exactly what
you're talking about.
Yeah.
And many, many
people are jumping
on this train of consciousness,
because it is huge.
I feel that it's getting
bigger and bigger, not faster,
but bigger.
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: Well, maybe faster.
OK.
So we were talking about how
to deal with adversity when
someone comes to you and
says, I want to end my life
or this-- stuff
happens that is brutal.
Yeah.
And you somehow have a
way of transforming them.
What happens if that stuff
gets directed towards you,
where someone says,
you know, what do you--
how do you know what
you're talking about,
or anybody from
your past says, I
don't want you to be as
bright as you are, and wants
to take away your light?
Do you ever deal with that?
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: OK.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
So are you afraid of that?
>>SMILES: Fear
comes up sometimes.
>>LISA: OK
>>SMILES: But it's not
something I entertain.
I don't dance with
fear for too long.
And I don't think there
is anyone, including
Nelson Mandela or anybody
who's done anything great,
that hasn't been afraid.
It's their conversation with
fear that makes the difference.
And my conversation with fear is
like, you're not here to stay.
And I give fear an eviction
letter over and over again
and bring back the truth.
So the truth is is that
energy can never die.
So if my life were to go away,
my life wouldn't really go way.
I would transmute.
I would turn into
something else.
But in between that
time-- because we all
have one of those dates
where we're no longer going
to be in this form--
in between that time,
I'm going to, what I like to
say, go hard in the paint.
And it's like an
old basketball term.
When you go hard
in the paint, that
means you give it your all.
>>LISA: OK.
Got it.
>>SMILES: My idea is to
leave the tank on empty.
So when I'm done with this
car, I gave it everything.
>>LISA: Do you do
that every day?
Or are you going to do
that for your lifetime?
Do you give all every day?
>>SMILES: I attempt to.
>>LISA: You do.
>>SMILES: I attempt to, yeah.
>>LISA: I can tell.
Take a look at this video
here, where Preston's
talking about how
he handles haters
and how we can handle the same.
Take a look.
It's a good one.
>>SMILES: Misery
really enjoys company,
because haters gonna hate.
Haters-- [VOICE SLOWS DOWN].
So here's the deal.
Whenever you're doing
anything that people deem good
or in the public
eye, there are going
to be people that come
that try to chop you down.
This happens in churches.
It happens in politics.
It happens everywhere--
at work, in relationship.
But the thing that
we must embody,
the thing that we must
understand and use
is a knowingness that it's
never really about us--
that haters hate because
they're confused admirers,
that haters have a lack and
limitation consciousness,
so they believe that what's
yours is actually theirs.
Our job is to love them anyway.
People say, haters gonna
hate, and they hate haters.
And it's more hate.
But guess what?
Hate is very heavy.
When you are carrying
hate, you hurt
you more than you hurt them.
So what we do is we understand
that love is all there is.
And if love is all there is,
then our response to hate
is to be love, is to
recognize the love in them
and understand that there is
high thought and low thought.
And within low thought
creates lack and limitation
and not enough.
And from not enough,
it would have
somebody believe that what's
mine is actually theirs.
But we choose-- champions,
warriors of the light,
we choose to be in high thought.
High thought says, what's
mine is mine is mine--
that we live in a universe
full of abundance,
that there's nothing in
between my good, right?
And we view haters--
quote, unquote haters--
with eyes of love
and compassion.
When I was in college, I used
to run around this blond mohawk
and this pink skateboard, right?
And I would fly through campus.
And all the football
players and the frat guys
and different people
would hate on me.
And before I was more
evolved, I would hate back.
I'd be like, what
you looking at?
And we'd have all
of this tension.
And then I realized
within that that I
get to shift my energy
and my consciousness.
And I started seeing them
with eyes of compassion.
These guys grew up
in a society that
says that men must
be strong and brutes
and not wear pink
and blah, blah, blah
and all of this stuff.
And when I saw them from there
and dealt with that in me,
it shifted them.
You see what I'm saying?
When I shifted me,
it shifted them.
Today, I challenge
you, this week, I
challenge you to keep your eye
on the prize and your energy
in the now and float like a
butterfly and sting like a bee,
because it is very hard
to hit a moving target.
You can't hit me if
I'm still moving.
And I'm moving from love.
I'm moving from presence.
I'm moving, knowing that I can
never be in the wrong place.
I'm always in the right
place at the right time,
because I serve.
And I understand that the
universe moves ahead of me,
listening to my
innermost thoughts.
>>LISA: All right.
In that video, you said
something very, very important.
You said you shifted
you-- when you
were wearing pink and riding
the skateboard and stuff.
And then you said something
a bit earlier, too, here.
You said, you are teaching
me how to relate to you.
Right now, in this conversation,
you-- and I'm mirroring.
You're giving me so much here.
How do you do that?
>>SMILES: Yeah.
That's a tricky question.
>>LISA: That-- how
do you do that?
>>SMILES: How do you shift you?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>SMILES: You change
the questions.
When you ask big,
empowering questions,
you get big, empowering answers.
And when you ask questions
or when I ask questions like,
why me, there's always
going to be an answer to it.
The moment you start
to ask the question,
there's an answer
already waiting.
>>LISA: Right.
So I ask questions like what
good is here that I presently
cannot see?
>>LISA: Oh.
So when you were riding around
in the skateboard with the pink
and you were getting all that
harassment, how did you--
you had to put that shirt
on in the morning knowing
that you were going to get
that type of attention.
>>SMILES: Yep.
>>LISA: So you trained
them how to treat you?
I'm speaking of bullies,
kids who are bullied.
This is a big piece here.
How do they transform, and
how do you transform who you
and shift who you
are being in order
to train the other
people how to treat you?
>>SMILES: That
comes back to how--
to confidence and the belief
and the knowingness of what
I came here to do and be.
So everything is
connected, as we know.
And there are no small
acts in the universe.
An ant, an elephant--
all of them
in the eye of god, in the eye of
the universe, is all the same.
So me wearing a pink shirt
or me standing on a pulpit
is all the same thing.
It's all the divine intelligence
speaking through, in,
and as me.
And to me, I don't take
those things lightly.
So if-- it's like the
people who decided to go
get coffee one hour before
the first plane hit at 9/11.
>>LISA: Right.
The ones that left the building.
>>SMILES: Yes.
The people who missed
their flight-- there
are no coincidences.
Everything is connected.
And when you're listening to
god voice, intuition, the higher
self, you will always be
guided in the right direction.
>>LISA: Yes.
>>SMILES: I got that call.
And I said, no, Scott.
I'm gonna chill.
I'm gonna stay home tonight.
>>LISA: What did you
do that night, anyway?
>>SMILES: I just stayed
around the house.
>>LISA: Nothing.
>>SMILES: Yeah.
Watched National Geographic
or something like that.
Yeah.
But that, to me, that is the
same thing as the pink shirt,
is the same thing as everything.
>>LISA: I see.
>>SMILES: As long
as you're listening
to higher self, to intuition,
to god voice, you can do,
you can go no wrong.
It's all lined up.
>>LISA: So that's interesting,
because you didn't necessarily
have a purpose you were attached
to at that time at 15 years
old in your life.
You didn't have a bigger
picture you were going towards.
So in that whole idea
of you need a purpose,
you need a purpose wasn't
necessarily what happened.
You just listened to that voice.
You didn't even know
what the voice was.
>>SMILES: Yep.
>>LISA: You just listened.
It was your first
experience with intuition.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: So all of this
rhetoric of you need a purpose.
You need a-- it's good, but
the first step to everything
would be what?
>>SMILES: Just
recognizing the self,
recognizing what it is that
you actually are, because I do
believe in purpose.
I just believe in purposes.
I don't think my mom just
came here to have me.
I think she came here
to do a million things.
But that was one of them.
That was on the list.
And the universe
is going to have--
things are going
to come through.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: I'm of
the thought process
that god wants what
we want-- that god
is it saying, hey, listen, guys.
There's one power.
What you do with that
one power is up to you.
You can either create
holocaust and make slaves
and do all kinds of crazy
stuff and create wars
in Iraq and everywhere
else with that power.
Or you can create harmony.
You can create peace.
You can have them look back
100, 200 years from now and say,
they turned the ship.
They changed the
direction of the ship.
And that's what we're up to.
>>LISA: And they all created a
different-- a whole different
trajectory when we did that--
when back in history, found
new lands, discovered
new territories.
Yes.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: It's possible.
It's absolutely possible.
What you were speaking about
earlier with the big boys
do cry-- and this is a
very impassioned video
I want you to take a look at
here where Preston's speaking
to the men, the boys, and
the women who love them.
Take a look.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>SMILES: --which was
rage, which was fighting,
which was playing sports and
bumping up against dudes,
because that's how
we're told to be.
[AUDIO OUT] fact that we were
taught something unnatural.
That doesn't work anymore.
Big boys do cry.
Real men do cry.
And we laugh and we
dance and we play
and we feel and we allow
ourselves to be human.
Too long in this
society, we have
been taught that men
need to hold strong.
But what does strong
mean is the question.
I'm challenging what strong is.
Strong to me, a real man to me
allows himself to be affected,
allows himself to be
moved by something.
There's a lot happening
in this world right now.
And a lot of it is
because men haven't
learned to be with each other.
We haven't learned to say, hey,
that hurt my feelings, to say,
you know what?
There's another way to
deal with this besides war,
besides fighting, besides
guns, besides shooting.
We've been taught
something unnatural.
And it's time to reverse that.
It is time, men especially,
to stand up and allow
ourselves to feel.
I was sitting in a
cafe the other day.
And I'm watching
this YouTube video
of soldiers returning home.
I start to get emotional.
And at first, I wasn't
gonna allow it to come out.
And then I said, you know what?
No.
This is what I'm feeling.
This is the work.
And my two boys kind of
gestured towards me, asking me,
was I OK?
I say, yeah, I'm good, man.
I'm good.
I'm just-- it reminded me of
all of the repressed childhood
feelings and of
all the times where
I knew that I wanted to
cry, but instead I fought.
But I knew that I wanted my
dad to pick me up and tell me
it would be OK, but
instead, I bottled it up.
Too many of us are
dying on the inside,
pretending like
everything is good.
Well, I'm here to tell you
that your friends, your family,
your mothers, your fathers,
your daughters, we all feel it.
We know it.
Allow it out, because it's going
to come out one way or another.
It's time for a change, y'all.
And that change has
to start with us.
Step up.
Check yourself before you wreck
yourself from the inside out.
Love is all there is.
And when we allow ourselves
to feel that and be that,
nothing can hurt us.
Vulnerability is the
key to everything.
I'm Preston, and this is
Questions with Preston.
If you dig this stuff,
if you're a man out there
and you're going through
some stuff, hit me up.
Holler at me.
Leave a comment below.
Y'all, I ask you to share this
not because I want to be famous
and blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah.
I ask you to share this
because this is a real problem.
This is something that
we're really dealing with.
It's only love.
Peace.
>>LISA: You obviously
have just beautiful plans
made out for you and laid
out for you in this world.
What is up for you next?
You're hitting the scene
in a big way on social.
You've fully engaged people.
People are listening.
They're love mobbing.
I hear that you have a
potential book deal coming up.
>>SMILES: Working
on some things, yes.
>>LISA: OK.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Can you tell?
Can you share?
>>SMILES: Yeah, I can't share
too many of the details,
but I do have a
book that's coming
through me called "Love Louder."
And it's a call to
action for all of us
to turn the volume
up on our love,
therefore turning the
volume up on our life.
>>LISA: With
exercises and things
in the book on how to do that?
>>SMILES: Yes, absolutely.
And it's sort of like what I
do in video and on social media
and Facebook and Instagram,
but made practical.
And it's sort of a "steps to".
But I explain in the beginning
that this book is not
to be read chronologically--
you would just open a page
and be with that.
>>LISA: Just like the
videos, that you do.
>>SMILES: Mm-hmm.
>>LISA: Yeah.
And now, you're-- you just
started making videos one day
and just started posting them?
And how did you get the huge
following that you've gotten?
How did this happen?
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
Yeah.
It was one of those things
where I recognized--
because at the time, I was
pursuing an acting career,
and a friend of
mine was in my home
and he was in my meditation
room that I had set up.
And he said, dude,
it's interesting.
You're like an actor, but
like, all your books are
like metaphysics and
like spiritual stuff.
He was like, why do
you have all those?
And I was like, because
I love that more.
And it was like one
of those moments
where I was like, ah,
that's interesting
that I'm choosing this path, but
really, I was only choosing--
and this is one of the things
I speak about and speak to,
because so many
of us try to go--
we know that we want to head
here, but then we head there
and there and there
to get to here.
So I'm not a big proponent
of college for the most part.
And I know that'll
piss some people off.
Even though I have a master's
degree, I think it's a set up.
It's a money maker.
And so many people come
out, including my friends,
and they're in debt for life.
>>LISA: But you went to college.
>>SMILES: I did.
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>SMILES: They're in debt.
And they're banking when they
know that all they want to do
is play a guitar
or start a daycare.
And they're doing all
these other things.
>>LISA: Do you think
that-- along that point
of not going to
college, what was it?
I don't remember who
said-- one of the speeches
at the end of a senior
year to a senior class--
there are no jobs
out there for you.
>>SMILES: Yeah.
Absolutely.
>>LISA: Go create
something else.
>>SMILES: You gotta create them.
>>LISA: Throw everything
you just learned, and just
be ingenious and
creating new pathways
and new ways of doing things.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: Did you say
to the acting career,
I don't want to be someone else?
Or did you just follow
another path and you'll
get back to that?
>>SMILES: Yeah, it was one of
those things where, literally,
I would get at least
10 to 15 messages a day
through Facebook
and social media.
And then my friends
would be calling me
and I would be counseling
and supporting people.
And all these
universal truths that I
had been reading
about and embodying--
because I'm one of those people.
I don't just like
to read something.
I go, OK, let me see.
Let me see if Deepak
Chopra is right--
the law of least effort.
Let's see what
the law of economy
is and see if I can
do less and gain more.
And I try it out.
I try it on.
>>LISA: How did that
one work out for you?
>>SMILES: It was awesome.
>>LISA: You can do
less and gain more?
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: How?
>>SMILES: It's
mindful purposeness.
So it's like knowing that
you're always creating
and being very
mindful within that.
So like some people just
say stuff to say stuff.
Some people just to talk.
Some people just move to move.
And like I do my best
to be mindful of that.
And within that process, I don't
spend a whole bunch of money
or a whole bunch
of energy and time
doing stuff that doesn't serve
the mountaintop I'm headed to.
>>LISA: Even though
if you did have
a-- if you work at a fast
food chain or whatever,
that doesn't have
to be your identity.
You could use it and
then still pursue
this fire of whatever it is.
>>SMILES: Absolutely.
>>LISA: And the
beauty of the internet
is that you can create-- people
out there who are like minded
and create a mob.
You can create a
love mob online.
You can--
But I think there's-- many
people out there can do that,
but you have a certain spark
about you that really is
truthful.
You really have a lot of truth.
>>SMILES: Thank you.
>>LISA: Now, this
next video here,
you're in the middle of the
street in downtown Los Angeles
with a pair of nunchucks.
>>SMILES: Ah, yes.
>>LISA: What on earth
are you doing out there?
>>SMILES: They were
in my trunk, actually,
and we were about to shoot.
I was like, I'm shooting
with these things.
And I just brought them.
The biggest thing
about these videos
is I'm just trying stuff out.
I'm talking about things that
are coming through for me
and supporting, as
you would if you
got some information-- let's
say you were a scientist
and I wanted to
know about science.
You'd share your information.
You'd put it in a book, a
video, or whatever you would.
That's what I do.
>>LISA: But the scientists
don't get a couple hundred
thousand followers.
They could be finding
the youth serum
and they wouldn't have [LAUGHS].
>>SMILES: True.
>>LISA: Yeah, I mean,
it's interesting.
It's very interesting.
>>SMILES: Thank you.
>>LISA: Take a look at this,
where Preston Smiles is talking
about the one thing
that happy people do.
Take a look at this.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>SMILES: Slow down to speed up.
Find the magic in
the mundane today.
Have a laugh about something
so small, so silly.
Be tickled, be
moved by the nuances
of this beautiful,
amazing life that we have.
When we slow down and pay
attention to the small stuff,
like the chirping bird
outside of your house,
like the old man
at the coffee shop
that you go to that has ear hair
growing that could be braided,
like the little baby that
peeks over the mom's shoulder
and plays peek-a-boo with you.
Have a laugh about the dog that
craps in your yard every day
and wipes his butt on the grass.
Like, how hilarious
is that stuff?
Life is so amazing if you choose
to dance in the small things.
The thing about it
is is there's a bunch
of A type personalities
where we're all
trying to get things
done and we're
trying to conquer the
mountain and go to the top
and win, win, win, get all the
money and all of the stuff.
But we have seen it
time and time and time
again where people
get all that stuff
and they're still unhappy.
You want to honor life?
Live it.
Be here now.
Stand in the beingness of now.
And how you do that
is mindfulness.
If you have a plate of broccoli
and you are eating broccoli
but your mind is
on the cheesecake,
then you are not
with the broccoli,
therefore you are not honoring
life, therefore, you lose.
You want to win?
You want to have a great life?
You want to have a happy life?
Honor where you are right there.
Be with the broccoli.
There's this stuff that
happens in the brain, right?
Neuropeptides send messages
from the brain to the body.
So if you want to
heal your body,
if you want to walk around
with a healthy shell--
because we're all just energy.
We're all just vibration.
If you want to change
your vibration,
pay attention to
the small stuff.
Find the funny in getting
in trouble in class.
Find the funny in your boss
and the way that he comes over
and asks for the TPS reports.
Yeah, you know what
movie that's from.
The neuropeptides are
sending the message.
So if you want the message to be
good, if you want it to be fun,
if you want to be
happy, then you've
got to send happy stuff there.
And how you do that is by being
moved, by having a great time,
and being mindful.
Go within, or you go without.
Be still and know
that I am-- finish it.
It's all here.
It's all here now.
The magic is here.
Name the last toy you
got when you were 12.
I bet you money you can't.
That toy and your Ferrari
are the same exact thing.
No matter how much-- how many
Ferraris, no matter how many
houses you get, they will never
equal lasting fulfillment.
That's why you
don't remember it.
You could buy 40
houses, and you'll
be happy for a little bit,
and then you'll be back down.
We are finding our happiness
in external things.
And that can never produce
lasting fulfillment.
Lasting fulfillment
happens on the inside.
It is an inside job.
So if you want to be happy,
you have to play in here.
And how you play in
here is going within,
is meditating, is praying,
is playing, is watching,
is being with life, and
dancing in the nuances.
It is so good to
be alive right now.
It is so good-- so, so good.
And there are so many
beautiful things happening.
What we appreciate appreciates--
in the micro and in the macro.
I get it.
The government and all
of these terrible things
that are happening, right?
We can point at those.
Or we can create a new lane.
We can create a lane
that's so awesome--
that's so awesome that everybody
wants to be a part of that.
Go there today.
Dance in the smallness.
Taste the music.
Hear the wind.
Taste the rainbow,
like Starburst.
And nunchuck some people
if you come across them
and they ain't paying attention.
This is Questions with Preston.
I ask that you hit Subscribe,
Like, leave a message,
and also share this video.
Blessings and blessings.
I'm going crazy out here!
Uh-oh.
Sorry.
>>LISA: All right.
So out of that video, what is
the one thing happy people do?
I didn't get it.
I might have missed it.
>>SMILES: Thanks.
That's nice feedback.
You hear that?
She's basically telling me that
I missed the mark on the video.
>>LISA: What the heck?
>>SMILES: The one
thing happy people
do is they find the humor.
It's what you're
doing right now.
>>LISA: OK.
>>SMILES: It's what
I'm doing right now.
>>LISA: OK.
>>SMILES: It's that they find
the humor in the small things.
When I talk about that--
>>LISA: Perfect.
>>SMILES: Like I said, the
old man with the ear hair,
that was me an
hour prior to that.
I was standing in
line, I was like, there
is a Chia pet coming
out of his ear.
And it's amazing,
because I understand
that as you get older, the
ears never stop growing.
And I think it's beautiful,
but it's hilarious, you know?
It's great.
>>LISA: Or the dog on the grass.
>>SMILES: Yeah.
That's comedy.
>>LISA: Oh, and the broccoli.
The comments below
about the broccoli--
>>SMILES: Be with the broccoli.
>>LISA: I am the broccoli.
So it's that.
It's find the humor
in the little things.
And that's the
way you live life.
So have I left
anything out here?
Is there anything
else that you want
to-- I know there's
a ton to say.
But if you were to just pour
one last message into us,
what would it be?
>>SMILES: There's
two tiers to it.
One, I would say that if--
for anybody out there, I do
have an amazing online
coaching program
that's about to come out.
And it's called
the Bridge Method.
And it's the bridge between
spirituality and transformation
and personal development work.
So that I would love to be
out, because it's awesome.
It's my girlfriend
and I-- Alexi Panos.
And we put our combined
20-something years' worth
of study-- because she's
a nerd like I am, too--
into this all-inclusive
package that's awesome,
which we would love to
connect with you about.
>>LISA: Great.
Great.
So you're bridging spirituality
and personal development.
>>SMILES: Yes.
>>LISA: Great.
Those are two
different worlds that
talk about the same exact thing.
>>SMILES: Same thing.
>>LISA: Yes.
You are absolutely right.
>>SMILES: Mm-hmm.
>>LISA: Very, very
perceptive of you.
Very cool.
>>SMILES: Thank you.
>>LISA: And the other thing was?
>>SMILES: The other thing
is love will find a way.
Everything else
will find an excuse.
>>LISA: Beautiful.
Perfect.
Thank you so much for being with
me, for hanging out with us.
>>SMILES: Yes, this was awesome.
>>LISA: Here on Gaiam TV.
And if you would like
to share this interview
with your friends, you
can go to gaiamtv.com,
and you can share it from there.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay inspired.